  Singing is and ordinance of divine worship,
and when Christians unite with their hearts
and voices, "singing with the spirit and with
the understanding also," the high praises of
God, and thus express to Him in psalms and
hymns of adoration and praise, their gratitude
for the manifold mercies bestowed upon them in
Christ Jesus our Lord, or in penitent supplication,
with melting strains implore mercy for past
offenses, is one of the most delightful, edifying,
and heart soothing parts of His worship. Those
heavenly strains heighten the believer's holy
longing after God and heaven, animate them to
press forward in their Christian course "toward
the mark for the prize of the high calling of 
God in Christ Jesus." It makes them feel more
fully that in God we live and move and have
our being; that all our blessings are bestowed
by His paternal kindness, and that our
everlasting welfare results from His redeeming
love towards us in Christ our Lord.
  Thus they are animated and strengthened to
march on in their heavenly way, through this
barren wilderness, to the wished-for Canaan
--the heavenly Jerusalem--there to join the
company of those who were redeemed from the
earth and are harping upon their harps and
singing a new song before the throne.
  As the Church of Christ known by the name
of ğ˜”ğ˜Œğ˜•ğ˜•ğ˜–ğ˜•ğ˜ğ˜›ğ˜Œğ˜š, formerly performed their
religious exercises in the worship of God
almost altogether in the German language,
it was thought expedient, as the English
language has become so prevalent, to have
the Word of God preached and the religious
exercises in His worship performed in that
language also. Hence a Committee was appointed
by the Church, to make a selection of Psalms
and Hymns, suited to the different occasions
in public worship and private devotional exercises.
Accordingly the selection was made and the hymns
arranged under the different headings, and thus
presented to the friends of Zion.
  That believers may find this little work a
pleasant and edifying companion on their way
to the heavenly Zion, is the ardent wish of
    ğ‘»ğ’‰ğ’† ğ‘ªğ’ğ’ğ’ğ’Šğ’•ğ’•ğ’†ğ’†[1847].

  N.B. The names of the tunes at the beginning of each hymn
correspond with the music books entitled ğ˜—ğ˜©ğ˜ªğ˜­ğ˜©ğ˜¢ğ˜³ğ˜®ğ˜°ğ˜¯ğ˜ªğ˜¢ or ğ˜ğ˜°ğ˜³ğ˜®ğ˜°ğ˜¯ğ˜ªğ˜¢ ğ˜šğ˜¢ğ˜¤ğ˜³ğ˜¢;
and the peculiar meter are numbered as they are in the Metrical
index of said music books.
